Local validation tooling and improved log viewer (#662)
nationalarchives/ds-caselaw-data-enrichment-service: README.md

### Getting information to investigate in AWS

[`tools/see_prod.html`](https://html-preview.github.io/?url=https://github.com/nationalarchives/ds-caselaw-data-enrichment-service/blob/master/tools/see_prod.html) will allow you to search the AWS logs for a specific judgment by URL and link directly to files generated on production.

### Validating XML

> If you run `scripts/get_schema`, the schema will be downloaded, and `scripts/validate_local <xmlfile>` will check it complies with the schema

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Download the latest schema from the [MarkLogic repository](https://github.com/nationalarchives/ds-caselaw-marklogic) using `scripts/get_schema`
1. Run `scripts/validate_local <xmlfile>` to check the XML of a document against the schema
```
